hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be showing you all of the books that I
read in May outside you might be able to
hear that it is pouring down it's been
really rainy and blustery all day it's
been gorgeous it feels like Hortons I'd
also like to point out that if you can
see something on my head
it is a scar I ran into a tree even mind
that I did have exams this month which
is why I didn't read quite so much as I
did last month and also while my books
are perhaps during more toward
contemporary fiction the first book that
I read was finding perfect by alley
sports and this is about a girl who had
an oppressive compulsive disorder and
she is obsessed with everything being in
line everything being just so and she's
throws cope with the fact that her
mother is just moved across the country
and things just seem to be falling apart
to her she's always been a perfect child
she's always had she always felt like
she had a perfect life and now she tried
to restore that sense of perfect but
everything is becoming incredibly
imperfect it's really just highlighting
that nobody can be perfect the second
book that I read is the smell of other
people's houses which was shortlisted
for the Carnegie award this is about
four teenagers in Alaska in the 1960s
it's about how all these people's lives
interact and how everybody's lives do
interact mirroring the words of John
Donne no man is an island and I think
one life some of this book could be you
don't have to be blood to be family the
next book I read is if on a winter's
night a traveler by Italo Calvino's and
this was incredible the narration is
just something that I have never seen
before
and it addresses the reader in the
second person so you become the main
character in the story
you've got the reader and the other
reader and these are the principal
characters in the story and incredible
something you will definitely not want
to miss out on the next book is counting
by sevens by Ari Gold's very slow
and I think this might be one of the
best middle grades slash young adult
novels that I've ever read it was just
beautifully heart-wrenching it's about a
young girl called willow and she is a
genius nothing short of genius and she
loves to learn that something that I
really admired about her and so she's
obsessive gardening and also diagnosing
people with medical disorders and I just
love it when in a book you've got all of
these interesting facts to throw at you
because you actually learn even though
you're reading fiction precocious
protagonist always made the best ones I
think but this young girl willow she's
12 and her parents both died in a car
crash
the she's left alone and it's really
about her trying to come to terms with
this and finding closure the next book
that I read is the consolation list by
Nadine Gordimer is about mobile learning
who lives on a farm and his
relationships with other people inside
this inspector during apartheid in South
Africa it's really written at the stream
of consciousness so I found it quite
hard to get into apart simply owing to
the fact that it's very ambiguous it's
written assuming that you understand
what's going on if that makes sense
which of course can be both good and bad
then the next book I read is before I
fall which had which I've had a lot of
good things about and it's not a young
adult novel the girl who dies in a car
crash and then she goes back as she
lives to stay again against this
Groundhog Day and it's kind of hard
changing the day and how she can affect
other people and it's really just
highlighting again no man is an island
the fact that we do have such an
influence of people's lives the next
book is what I was by Megara sauce and
this is about a boy who's 16 and it's
about the summer that he found love and
he falls in love with a boy called sin
exploring him sexuality and how this was
so controversial in the 1960s but it's
done beautifully and it exposed it
explores gender very well I really
recommend it it's set in a boy's
boarding school and this voice Finn
lives outside of the school ground
in a cottage by himself then the last
book I read is goodbye memory towers by
Pamela Cox which is quite long for me
I'm but I love the memory towers books
and especially during exam season it can
be nice to sit back with an old
childhood classic so thank you so much
for watching I hope that you enjoyed and
have a productive week
[Music]